# RPG Maker Database configurations

## Actors > Trainers
Actors from RPG Maker MZ correspond to Pokemon Trainers, including the Player. The name of the actor is what will be displayed during battles. Player and Rival have no true name, as they will be changed with a standard RPG Maker MZ Change Name command at the introduction. If you wish to fix the names, just set the true name in the database. The class of the actor isn't used.

The Face and SV Battler must be defined, as they will appear during battles. Looking at RPG Maker, you may think the SV image is empty, but instead it has been replaced by a single Picture image. Note, the player picture should be from the back.

## Classes > N/A
Unused.

## Skills > Pokemon Moves
Skills from RPG Maker MZ are used to set up the Pokemon Moves names and animations. Each move must have a note on the form id:xxxx, where xxxx is the string ID used inside the additional JSON file PokemonMZ_Moves.json. Only one skill must not be modified, the first one, reserved for self-hitting with confusion.

## Items > Items
Items from RPG Maker MZ are used to set up the Items Names and icons. The badges are used through the 
Player Status Window. Other Items must have a not of the form id:xxxx, where xxxx is the string ID used
inside the additional JSON file PokemonMZ_Items.json.

## Weapons > N/A
Unused.

## Armors > N/A
Unused.

## Enemies > Pokemon
Enemies from RPG Maker MZ are used to set up the Pokemon names. Each enemy must have a note id:xxxx, where xxxx is the string ID used inside the additional JSON file PokemonMZ_Pokemon.json

## Troops > Wild pokemon encounters, Trainer pokemon party
Troops from RPG Maker MZ are used to set up the wild or trainer battles. The name of the troop is xxxx, where xxxx is the string ID used inside the addition JSON file PokemonMZ_Encounters.json.
