# Unusable RPG Maker MZ default commands

## Change Gold
Replaced with the plugin commands *Gives Money to Player* and *Takes Money From Player*.

## Change Items
Replace with the plugin commands *Add Item to Storage* (directly set an item inside the player's item PC) and *Add Item to Bag/Lose Item* (add/remove an item to/from the player's bag).

## Change Weapons, Change Armors
Weapons and Armors do not exist with this plugin.

## Change Party Member...
Party members do not exist with this plugin.

## Change HP, MP, TP, State, EXP, Level, Parameter, Skill, Equipment, Class, Profile, Nickname
Actor parameters are not used with this plugin. Only *Change Name...* is operational, and used to change the player's name.

## Player Recover all...
Recovery of the pokemon team is instead done with the pluging command *Heal Party*.

## Game Over
Not used.

## Change Enemy HP, MP, TP, State, Enemy Recover All, Appear, Transform
Enemy parameters are not used with this plugin.

## Show Battle animation, Force Action, Abort Battle
Interpreters do not exist for the Battle Scene, hence those commands are unused.



# New/changed commands

## Battle processing
Battle processing use troops, which are linked to encounters. You can use them to trigger trainer battles or even wild battles. 

## Player respawn after defeat
The player respawn coordinates are defined with the *Set Player Respawn* plugin command. You must initialize the respawn at the start of your game to not encounter any issues. Then, use the command when the respawn location changes (for example when healing at a Pokemon Center)

## Show Player computer
Used to display the computer of the player, with his items. The Pokemon center PC must have Show Choices options, with one of them using this command.

## Show Pokemon Storage computer
Used to display the storage box system. The Pokemon center PC must have Show Choices options, with one of them using this command.

## Heal Party
Used to completely Heal the team of Pokemons of the player. For now, the storage box is unaffected by this command.

## Give Money to the Player
Gives a specific amount of money to the player.

## Take Money from the Player
Removes a specific amount of money to the player.

## Get Player Money Value
Set the player money value to a chosen variable. Used for checking if the player has enough money, for example.

## Add Item to Storage
Adds an item to the player's computer.

## Add Item to Bag
Adds an item to the player's bag.

## Lose Item
Remove an item from the player's bag.

## Give Badge
Give a badge to the player. Only works with Items specified in the plugin PokemonMZ_Core_Configuration badge parameters.

## Give the Pokedex
Gives a Pokedex to the player, for a specific region ID. The region ID is used in case of multiple pokedexes.

## Give a Pokemon
Adds a Pokemon to the player party. The command is made to select the RPG Maker MZ enemy, which correspond to the Pokemon. Warning: The command will crash if the player has already 6 pokemon, a case not encountered in Pokemon RBY up to the end of the demo.

## Show Current Region Map
Displays the map of the area. The command uses the map info to place the character on the map. See new map mechanics to learn how to configure the map.

# New map mechanics

A few additional mechanics have been implemented to reproduce some of the behaviour found in Pokemon RBY.

## Event movement limitation

To prevent events from wandering around, place them on a zone with specific region tags. Then, in the note of the event, add the text 
    limitRegion:XXX

Replace XXX with the region tags. Doing so, the event will only move around in tiles with that region.

## Locating the map on the region Map

Region maps data are configured inside the additional Json file PokemonMZ_RegionMaps.json. Each map must be associated with a region id, and the region point of interest. In the note of the maps, add the lines:
    regionId:x
    regionPoi:yy

Replace x with the region Id, and yy by the region point of interest.

## Jumping over ledge

In order to mark ledges, set a region tag to them. Then, in the note of the map, add the line:
    ledgeDownRegion:xx

Replace xx with the region tag of the ledge. The player will automatically jump down when pressing down on the ledge, or during automatic movement from mouse clicking.

## Using escape ropes

In order to make a map available for Escape ropes, add the following line in the note of the map. If the line isn't present, escape ropes won't work on that map.
    escapeRope:true

## Wild Pokemon encounters

As all encounters are associated to troops, simply add the encounters in the map properties, and give them a region tag. Be sure to set the region tag to the wild grass, for example. 

## Trainer encounters and aggro range

A new aggro mode has been defined for event triggering. The trainer event will trigger at a given distance, if the player is straight in front. Add the following elements to the event note:
    aggro:xx,page:yy

Replace xx for the number of tiles the trainer sees, and yy by the event page the trigger must be set. Usually, the triggers happens on page 1, and then a self-switch is set after battle. In that case, page 2 with the self-switch condition doesn't trigger with aggro range anymore.
